Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affects your programming?
    The concept of an association relationship and how to implement it into your code when there's multiple related classes felt really vague at first. After practicing by starting slowly with only implementing a few methods to then using many methods from other classes in the Train class, I feel a lot more confident about using Association in my programming. It feels a lot more efficient knowing I don't need to rewrite the same code over and over again across different classes, even if accessing private attributes.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
    The things that worked were using getters to access private attributes outside of the class, using preexisiting methods (i.e. printManifest(), getMaxCapacity()) to get a compiled result across all the cars, and learning how to throw exceptions rather than simply printing an error message. Something that threw off my code was not properly using "this.__". Using "this" lets you use an already exisiting attribute in your code so you can program something specific to that attribute. I didn't understand that when I first started the assignment, so I ended up creating new one each time. Also, I had trouble manually setting the ArrayList size limit, but after going to TA hours, I learned how to not only set the limit but also how to use an int for the limit. Overall, I would say my biggest advice is to work on the assignment in TA or office hours, even if you are unsure of where to start or don't feel like you have a specific question to ask. Often times, talking with peers and listening to other people's questions can help build your understanding of new concepts and confidence in your skills. 
